this is me the lost and forgotten
Jane anything like to share
we've leave my home no I'm good
welcome to life house a home for the
broken
the sad and the suffering I'm gonna miss
you know you can come visit me I've
always been good at lying what are the
good news that's a long time to be away
from home you must be excited yeah
thanks but the pain will barian hey I'm
Paul it's never going away it's when I
get on that plane at night this is me
[Music]
no one knows the path our lives will
take we can't stay here we have to calm
down
just go no one's coming to get us
find that no no we're here together I
need to know you're not going to tap out
I promise don't tap out on me
you